Authentication flow (#16)
hotwax/oms-documentation: API authentication.md

# API authentication 

## Overview 

> Verfies the identity of the user. To make transactions on HotWax’s platform secure, all apps connecting with HotWax API might need to authenticate when making API requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verfies the identity of the user. To make transactions on HotWax’s platform secure, all apps connecting with HotWax API need authentication when making API requests.
```

## Authentication Method Used

> ### Bearer token authentication

Reviewer: we have a video about generating and retrieving bearer tokens, maybe we can use that here?

Author: okay I am adding it here
